Relegates them to this video and this video we will work on some of the settings.
Sometimes when you change settings what happens there are the settings to the original altering the
original like slogan will be removed and the follower will come here all the settings will be reset.
But very rare happened this really does happen very rare.
So don't worry but most importantly when you just bought settings there sometime happens that all the
reset but not every time this happens again.
So now you guys know that Holbert unionise having had the settings that are sitting and for sending
those time to work on some other settings.
So let me see.
OK.
We are well over on this side bar.
Because sidebars there's not a lot of sidebar settings on here.
Well Jane said bartering is by going to the appearance and widgets OK because on the sidebar we have
widgets recent boards recent commands.
These are all DVDs.
So these what you're setting or not here in this sidebar so we won't change it from the sidebar or who
will change it later.
So let's go to a different setting.
I have a whole video on the sidebar OK where I will cover only the side bar and will make the site more
awesome.
OK.
So we are going to work here on the side.
So let's go to the footer.
OK.
Now you see when we scroll down we have this button right here and we can change this button to disable
if you want.
OK.
No.
You can't see.
So should I call you also in there.
But right now we have nothing on our footer that's why we see nothing here.
OK.
Now there is a lay out for our footer.
How many We just do you want your footer two are three are four are you continuously or zero declared
whatever you want.
OK.
But right now we have no more than 20 footers.
So it does not shown up.
OK.
So what does we have.
We have the text.
This text and this text you continue to do one scene is powered by.
OK this part I'm going to remove this part by and I'm going to see
created by one gives you a nice and lets you fish
and see X is change you cannot remove this if you want from here.
OK.
So this is at two different settings.
So Rachel what can you do in the next movie you will work on the sidebar or sidebar again the next Wholefoods
you is about the sidebar.
OK and then we'll go to the digits to work on it.
Stengel what would you ever see you in the next video.